README.md, before:

# Hands-on examples for Warp and FBPIC

This repositories gathers examples that can be used to get started
with [Warp](https://bitbucket.org/berkeleylab/warp/src) and
[FBPIC](https://github.com/fbpic/fbpic).

## Setting up your environment

These examples can be run either:
- on your local computer (This requires to install the different codes on your local computer.)
- in the cloud, using a [Binder](https://mybinder.org/) instance which has the codes preinstalled.

See below for more details:

### Installing the requirements on your local computer

- Install Warp according to [these instructions](https://bitbucket.org/berkeleylab/warp/src/master/doc/)
- Install FBPIC according to [these instructions](https://fbpic.github.io/install/install_local.html)
- Install openPMD-viewer (for post-processing):
```
conda install -c rlehe openpmd_viewer
```

### Using Binder

In order to launch your interactive environment, click on the link below:

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/RemiLehe/warp_fbpic_hands_on/master)

(This may take one or two minutes to start up.)

Once the environment is ready, you can open a Terminal by clicking `New > Terminal`
(in the upper right corner).

Commit message:

Added example folder for plasma acceleration

README.md, after:

# Hands-on examples for Warp and FBPIC

This repositories gathers examples that can be used to get started
with [Warp](https://bitbucket.org/berkeleylab/warp/src) and
[FBPIC](https://github.com/fbpic/fbpic).

## Setting up your environment

These examples can be run either:
- on your local computer (This requires to install the different codes on your local computer.)
- in the cloud, using a [Binder](https://mybinder.org/) instance which has the codes preinstalled.

See below for more details:

### Installing the requirements on your local computer

- Install Warp according to [these instructions](https://bitbucket.org/berkeleylab/warp/src/master/doc/)
- Install FBPIC according to [these instructions](https://fbpic.github.io/install/install_local.html)
- Install openPMD-viewer (for post-processing):
```
conda install -c rlehe openpmd_viewer
```

### Using Binder

In order to launch your interactive environment, click on this link: [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/RemiLehe/warp_fbpic_hands_on/master)

(This may take one or two minutes to start up.)

Once the environment is ready, you can open a Terminal by clicking `New > Terminal`
(in the upper right corner).


## Hands-on examples

For examples of laser-plasma acceleration: see [this page](./plasma_acceleration/README.md)
